What is your favorite sleeping position of all time?
What is the dumbest way you've been hurt?
What are the three scents you like?
What’s your favorite board game?
Which word would you use if you could only use one for the rest of your life?
Would you rather stay in or go out on a Friday night?
Have you ever thrown someone an extravagant party?
What is the weirdest thing you have ever eaten?
Out of the four seasons, what’s your favorite one?
What is the most absurd thing you've been tricked into doing or believing?
What is something that’s true that nobody agrees with you on?
Which instrument has the funniest sound?
Where would you relocate if you were forced to leave the country?
If you could meet anyone in this world today, who would you meet?
What’s the best type of cheese for you?
What is the greatest risk you have ever taken?
What are those things you're too old to do but you still enjoy?
What are your pet peeves?
Who’s the messiest person you’ve ever known?
Which of the two smells better, fresh-cut grass or bread baking in the oven?
Who is your all-time favorite Disney character?
Are you afraid of ghosts?
What’s the worst color that was ever invented?
What is the weirdest text you have ever received recently?
What would you be if you had to wear one Halloween costume every day for the rest of your life?
What is one ability that you believe everybody should possess?
What is the first thing you do after getting home from a trip?
What are the songs that make you sing along whenever you hear them?
What has been your greatest kitchen mistake?
What's the craziest bet you have ever made?
Do you believe that love is blind?
If you were given the chance to steal something, what would it be?
What type of cuisine would you serve your customers if you own a five-star restaurant?
What's the fanciest event you've ever attended?
What food should taste better than its appearance?
What’s the first thing you pack for a flight?
What is the worst TV advertisement you’ve seen recently?
What’s the most addictive game for you?
What do you usually do during weekends?
If you were given the chance to make your one wish come true, what would it be?
What period would you travel to if you were given a time machine?
What’s the food you usually refuse to share?
What are the hobbies you want to develop?
Do you believe in horoscopes?
What was your favorite childhood book?
Would you take it if you had the opportunity to be immortal?
What is something your brain wants to convince you to do but you have to fight it?
Which would be the smartest animal if they could all talk?
What movie makes you laugh even after watching it several times?
What was your favorite toy when you were a child?
What is the best name you could think of for a cat?
Have you ever counted your steps while walking?
If you could have lunch with one person from history, who would it be?
What’s the certain product you couldn’t live without?
What would you name your yacht if you had one?
Where is your all-time dream vacation?
What is the most smart thing you’ve done in your entire life?
If you could sit next to a famous celebrity in a restaurant, who would it be?
What is your main reason for getting out of bed every day?
What makes your day better?
What is the strangest thing your teacher has ever done?
What is the best color in the rainbow?
Who is the best movie villain?
What’s your favorite exotic animal?
What is your favorite viral video?
Who is your favorite YouTuber?
If you could only drink coffee or tea for the rest of your life, which one would you choose?
What’s your favorite action movie?
What gets you motivated?
What’s the most beautiful area you’ve ever visited?
Would you rather cook or eat at a restaurant?
What is the most useless talent you possess?
What is the craziest thing you’ve done in school?
Do you like listening to podcasts?
Do you like to save more or spend more?
What is the weirdest superstition you’ve ever heard?
What are the two things you’d like to ask your pet?
What’s the easiest dish to cook?
If you could be any type of object, what would you like to be?
How do you deal with a stressful environment?
Which part of the roller coaster do you usually ride: the front, middle or back?
Do you believe in second chances?
What has been the most flattering compliment you've ever received?
If you could change your name for a day, what would it be?
Which do you listen to the most: your heart or your brain?
What would you do if you were offered a one-minute ad slot during the Super Bowl that you couldn't sell?
When was the last time you felt a big adrenaline rush?
Who do you look up to the most?
If you could only have one superpower, what would it be?
What’s the best thing to do when you’re alone?
Do you want to have a cat as a companion or do you want to be a cat instead?
For you, what does a perfect vacation look like?
Who gave you the best compliment?
Which film do you want to see turned into a musical?
Do you still believe in Santa Claus?
When was the last time you screwed something up and no one ever noticed?
Have you already experienced writing a journal?
What do you usually daydream about?
If you were given the chance to listen to a singer or a band for the rest of your life, who/what would it be?
Has anyone given you a strange gift?
What’s the weirdest thing on your bucket list?
Have you ever pulled out a tooth just to get money from the tooth fairy?
What are the foreign languages you’d like to master?
When was the last time you’ve ever felt jealous?
Would you move to another country for love?
When was the time you felt really proud?
What has been your worst nightmare?
What usually keeps you up at night when you couldn’t sleep?
Were you born for challenges?
Are you confident to face the future?
What would you name your car?
What movie did you last watch inside the cinema?
Which one do you prefer: summer or winter?
Do you believe in aliens?
What was the best year of your life?
Do you actually believe in soulmates?
What is your biggest accomplishment in life?
What TV series could you watch several times?
Where do you like to go right now?
Where’s the worst-smelling place you have ever been?
If you were given the chance to travel back to the past, where would you go?
What do you usually eat for breakfast?
Which store would you like if you could just shop at one for the rest of your life?
What household chore do you hate doing the most?
Who is your role model in life?
Who you share the last slice of cake with if there was just one piece left at your birthday party?
Which celebrity would you rate as a perfect 10?
What music do you usually play on a road trip?
What are the things that drive you crazy?
What syrup do you like with your pancake?
What is your favorite holiday?
What’s the first book you’ve read?
What flower is your favorite?
What are your hidden talents?
What’s your favorite family tradition?
Have you ever been caught sneaking outside the house?
What’s the meaning of your name?
Do you ever dream of living somewhere else?
What was your favorite subject in school?
What are your hopes for the future?
What usually scares you the most?
What’s the weirdest animal for you?
What will be your reaction if you see a ghost?
If you were a bird, what kind of bird would you be?
Who was your first crush?
What are you actually good at?
Do you hate math?
What’s your favorite lullaby?
What would you serve if you were to make a special dinner for us?
What are the things you love the most about yourself?
What’s your greatest philosophy in life?
What is the worst decision you’ve ever made?
What is your favorite day of the week?
What’s the weirdest Halloween costume you have ever worn in your entire life?
What do you miss the most about being a kid?
How do you inspire other people?
What is the best song to describe your life right now?
Where do you see yourself in the next 5 years?
Have you ever stolen food from the refrigerator and blamed it on someone?
What’s your favorite car brand?
What would you do if you knew you'd be good in a different profession?
What’s the worst food you’ve ever eaten?
What is your most cherished possession?
What’s the most valuable thing you’ve learned in life?
What makes you really angry?
What’s your dream job?
What’s the extreme challenge in your life that you’ve already overcome?
What is your current favorite TV show?
What are the challenges you never gave up on?
What is one piece of advice you wished you’d seriously taken?
What do you like most about going to the beach?
Who has taught you the best lesson in life?
Who would you want to portray your life story in a movie?
What’s the last thing on your bucket list?
Which fictional book character would like to meet?
Who was your childhood best friend?
How competitive are you?
Who is your favorite athlete?
What is your favorite sports team?
What are the musical instruments you can play?
What would you do if you become lost in a city you aren’t familiar with?
If you could make one word famous, what would it be?
What movie are you going to make if you become a filmmaker?
Which member of your family were you closest to as a child?
If you could be great in only one sport, which sport would you choose?
Do you see yourself as creative?
Do you know how to change a flat tire?
What type of genre would you choose if you were an author?
Who is your favorite superhero?
What are the things you’d bring in a zombie apocalypse?
If you could teach a dog one trick, what would it be?
Who do you think is your celebrity look-a-like?
What was something you really wanted to do as a kid but never had the opportunity to do?
Do you know any funny pick-up lines?
What’s your least favorite board game?
Would you like to be famous someday?
What are your top 5 favorite fast-food restaurants?
What law would you like to make that every person should strictly follow?
Would you rather be a hero or a villain in a movie?
What’s that certain thing that people always misunderstand about you?
If you survived a plane crash, what would you do next?
Do you like dipping your Oreo in milk?
Are you a collector of something?
Would you rather wear shoes or slippers?
What’s your lucky number?
Have you recently checked out one of your bucket lists?
What is your most-used emoji?
If you could sit on a bench in the middle of a beautiful forest, who would you like to sit next to you and why?
What fruit would you be if you were a fruit?
If the doctor said, "You have 24 hours to live," what would you do with the time you had left?
Have you ever dropped something on the floor, then picked it up and eaten it?
What is your favorite indoor activity?
What is your favorite outdoor activity?
Do you get bored easily?
If you could choose one imaginary friend, who is it going to be?
What age would you prefer if you could choose any age for the rest of your life, and why?
How many pizzas can you eat in a minute?
What is a popular food ingredient, spice, or herb that you dislike?
What are the things that take up too much of your time?
Did you ever think that clowns were creepy?
What would you do for an extra hour if you had 25 hours in a day?
Would you choose to live for another 100 years or start over from the beginning?
What’s your favorite sandwich spread?
Are you more of a "fix it yourself" or "call an expert" kind of person?
What time do you usually sleep?
What time do you usually wake up?
How many pairs of shoes do you have?
Would you rather visit your ancestors in the past or meet your descendants in the future?
What three things would you want with you if you were stranded on a desert island?
Did you ever think you had superpowers as a child?
Would you spend a thousand dollars on food?
Which toy do you wish didn't exist?
What has been the longest time you had to wait for someone?
What season best fits your personality?
What’s your opinion on garden gnomes or pink flamingos?
What has been the longest plane trip you've ever taken?
What vegetable would you be if you were a vegetable?
Would you like to tell me a story?
Do you want to change the world?
What’s a current habit that you want to quit?
Does Christmas mean something special to you?
What is your favorite Winter Olympics sport?
What has been the most severe weather you've ever experienced?
What habits are preventing you from achieving your goals?
When no one is around, what do you like to wear?
What did you buy recently?
Could you describe your favorite material object that you already have?
What kind of company would you start if I offered you $50,000 to start one?
What words of advice would you offer to your younger self?
For a day, would you rather be a hobbit or an elf?
What was your favorite childhood snack?
What’s your favorite month?
Who was your favorite classmate?
What style of design do you think is the perfect match for you when it comes to houses?
Have you ever walked out of the cinema without finishing the movie?
How do you like to spend your free time?
What kind of music are you into? 
Do you have any pets? 
What’s your claim to fame?
If you could travel anywhere in the world, where would you go?
What skill would you like to master? 
What do you like to learn about?
What has been the highlight of this past week?
What has been the highlight of your year? 
Have you read any intriguing books lately?
Do you have any nicknames?
What is your favorite place you’ve traveled to? 
Where did you grow up?
How long have you lived in your current home?
What is your favorite food?
Where is your favorite local restaurant? 
How do you take your coffee or tea?
If you could be any type of dog, what breed would you be and why?
What is something you’ve always wanted to learn?
What fictional character do you most relate to?
What is your proudest accomplishment? 
What is your astrological sign?
What motivates you to work hard?
If money were no object, how would you spend your time?
Who is your favorite author?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
Do you see the glass as half-full or half-empty?
What is your favorite movie of all time? 
What is one thing you will never do again?
Did you play any sports growing up?
What is the weirdest hobby you’ve tried?
What is your favorite ice cream flavor? 
What is something you’ve always wanted to do but haven’t tried yet? 
Do you enjoy your alone time?
Would you consider yourself an introvert or an extrovert?
What qualities do you look for in a friend?
What’s your favorite way to spend time with your family?
What is the most relaxing part of your day? 
What was your favorite age of childhood? 
What is the best concert you’ve ever been to?
What is your favorite way to unwind? 
What causes are you passionate about?
What are you most excited about right now?
Have you ever had a surprise party?
Which of your five senses would you say is the strongest?
If you had a warning label, what would yours say?
Are you related to anyone famous?
Does your family have a “motto”?
What is your mantra? 
Do you believe in the power of manifestation?
What is one thing you tried that you’ll never do again?
What was your first job?
What is the most exciting thing you can see out your kitchen window?
What would your dream house look like? 
What is the most spontaneous thing you’ve ever done?
What is the most helpful thing you own?
If your younger self could meet you as an adult, what would they be most impressed by?
What is at the top of your bucket list?
If you had one month to live, what would you do?
Are you a cat or a dog person?
What do you think is the most essential professional skill?
What do you think is the most essential life skill?
What job would you be terrible at?
What was the worst job you ever had?
Are you an early bird or a night owl?
Do you like to read or listen to audiobooks?
What do you look forward to every day?
Do you have any daily or weekly rituals?
Do you think self-care is important?
If you could look into a crystal ball to see the future, would you want to do it?
Do you prefer a beach or mountain vacation?
What is your favorite thing about your career?
If you could start a charity, what would it be?
What is the best part of your day?
Do you like cities or rural areas better?
If you could re-live any decade of your life, which one would you re-do? 
If you could be any animal, what would you be and why?
Do you eat or drink soup? 
What is the best gift you have ever received? 
What is your favorite animal? 
What’s your favorite family recipe?
What song reminds you of high school? 
Have you ever eaten a bug? 
How would you survive a zombie apocalypse?
What’s your favorite ice cream topping? 
If you could be any tree, what kind would you be and why?
Do you have a favorite type of exercise?
Would you instead cook at home or order in?
Have you ever disliked something and then changed your mind?
What is your most prized possession?
Do you believe in ghosts? Why or why not? 
Are you good at solving puzzles?
Do you sing in the shower?
How many hours early do you show up at the airport before a flight? 
Do you step on the cracks in the sidewalk or step over them? 
Do you ever dance like nobody is watching?
What is the first thing you do in the morning?
What is the last thing you do at night? 
What is the most unusual place you’ve ever slept in? 
What would be the title of your memoir?
What is your favorite article of clothing?
What is the first step you take to achieve a goal?
Have you ever been in a food fight?
Do you like cheese or butter more?
What rules do you mean to break?
How many times a day do you brush your hair?
Have you ever ridden a horse? Did you like it?
How would you react if an alligator arrived at your door?
What do you do when nobody is watching? 
Do you count your missed calls?
How often do you say “thank you” or “I’m sorry” in a day?
Are you good at remembering things on the spot?
What is your quirkiest hidden quality?
Which outfit in your closet have you worn more than any other?
When was the last time you screamed at somebody?
What’s your favorite road trip you’ve ever taken?
Do you own a pair of cowboy boots?
If you could have eyes in the back of your head, would you? 
If you only had 5 minutes in a grocery store, what would you buy?
Who knows you best?
Where do you see yourself in 10 years?
What makes you feel unstoppable? 
Where do you go when you need fresh inspiration?
What’s your philosophy on life?
Do you like diving into the deep end or easing your way into the water? (literally or figuratively)?
Have you ever had a moment of deja vu? 
What legacy do you want to leave on Earth once you’re gone? 
What gives you hope? 
What’s your go-to guilty pleasure? 
How do you show kindness to others?
Have you heard of “love languages”? What is your main one?
What is your definition of success? 
How would you title this chapter of your life? 
What is the best advice someone has ever given you? 
What makes you feel alive?
What are you most grateful for in your life? 
How do you overcome personal setbacks?
Is it easy for you to accept help when you need it?
Do you think dreams have hidden meanings? Why or why not?
Do you believe in reincarnation?
How do you define beauty? 
What is your most irrational fear?
What you rather someone be honest and hurt your feelings or lie to protect them?
How can someone lose your trust?
What personality traits are you most proud of?
If you could play one song every time you walked into a room, what would it be?
Why is sandwich meat round when bread is square?
If animals could talk, which species would be the nicest? 
What’s your most hated form of transportation?
Have you ever dreamed of going to another planet?
Which superpower would you never want to have?
What do you think about when you’re on the toilet?
What question do people ask you that you dislike?
What have you forgotten today?
Do you think you would be friends with a clone of yourself? 
What part of a kid’s movie completely scarred you for life?
What kind of secret society would you start?
What is the weirdest smell you’ve ever smelled? 
What is invisible but you wish people could see? 
What is the weirdest thing a guest has done at your house?
If life were a video game, what would be your favorite cheat code?
If police arrested you with no explanation, what would your friends and family assume you had done?
If you were a mad scientist, what experiment would you run?
If you could own any mythical creature, which one would you want? 
Who is your partner in crime?
Would you talk to a random person in a movie theater?
How many times do you change clothes in a day?
What music video can you watch over and over again without getting bored?
What’s the weirdest thing you secretly do daily? 
What’s the most disgusting food you’ve ever eaten? 
What’s your favorite corny joke?
What’s the best Wi-Fi network name? 
What is a song you pretend you don’t like because it’s embarrassing that you love it? 
Have you ever tried to look cool in front of someone and failed?
What’s the strangest thing you’ve seen someone do in public? 
What voice accent impersonations can you do (British, Australian, country, etc.)? 
If you could have one useless superpower, what would it be?
Which sport would be funniest if it had mandatory alcohol?
What’s the silliest way you’ve accidentally injured yourself?
What’s your favorite white elephant gift?
Where is the worst smelling place you’ve ever been? 
If you got banned from the library, what would be the reason behind it? 
What’s the craziest thing you’ve ever done on a night out? 
What is the goofiest or weirdest thing you did as a kid? 
What is the strangest purchase you’ve ever made? 
What is the funniest nickname that somebody has given you?
What’s a rule that you make everyone follow in your house?
What was the last thing you searched on Google?
If you could do karaoke with any famous person for a day, who would it be?
What is the most ridiculous outfit you’ve ever worn? 
What is the funniest Halloween costume you’ve ever seen? 
If you had to change your name, what would you change it to?
What conspiracy theory do you think might be true?
If you could charge a million dollars for a service, what would it be?
What’s the most ridiculous lie someone has ever told you to your face?
What is your favorite slang?
What’s the easiest way to make you laugh?
Which fairy tales do you find the most outrageous?
What one normal thing becomes weird if you do it more than once?
What is the most awkward question someone has ever asked you?
How many animal sounds can you make?
If all options were available to you, would you rather walk, drive, take public transportation, bike, or use another method of transportation to work?
What do you look forward to during your day?
What’s the most memorable (good or bad!) date you have been on?
What’s something about “being an adult” that was surprising to learn?
What was your favorite stuffed animal growing up?
If you could be any dinosaur, what dinosaur would you be and why?
Which superpower is the best and why?
Do you think you could successfully compete in a competitive eating challenge?
What animal would you most like to be able to transform into and out of at will?
What celebrity voice do you like to imitate?
Who is the best Disney villain?
You can only speak by quoting one movie. What movie do you choose?
An alien spaceship has crash-landed in your backyard! What do you do first?
Cotton Eyed Joe, where did he come from? Where did he go?
Would you rather be 2 inches tall or 100 ft tall?
If you could create a holiday, what would you celebrate, and what would the traditions be?
What historical event would you like to have been present at or alive to experience?
Which teacher had the most impact, positive or negative, on your life?
What accomplishment are you most proud of in your life?
What is your favorite memory of your childhood best friend?
Where do you like to spend time alone?
One of your favorite artists made a statement you strongly disagree with. Do you still engage with their work? Do you think artists should be separated from their art?
What endangered animal would you most like to save?
What’s the closest thing to real magic?
Which fictional character would be the most boring to meet in real life?
What’s your biggest screw up in the kitchen?
What is the craziest thing one of your teachers has done?
When did you screw everything up, but no one ever found out it was you?
What problem or situation did TV / movies make you think would be common, but when you grew up you found out it wasn’t?
If you could know the absolute and total truth to one question, what question would you ask?
What’s the most interesting thing you’ve read or seen this week?
What does your inner voice tell you?
What have you done recently to overcome one of your fears?
What do you need help with most often?
What’s something that no one knows about you?
What kind of challenges are you facing these days?
When was the last time you were lost?
What book had the most significant impact on you?
When are you most creative?
What thoughts come to mind when you are relaxed?
Is there anything you want to say to your loved ones but haven't said enough?
When are you most receptive to critical feedback?
What messages are you refusing to hear?
If you can complete one important task this week, what would that be?
What is important but not urgent in your to-do list?
What’s the number one thing you want to achieve?
What’s something that you would really hate to lose?
What do you want to be known for?
What makes you feel most fulfilled?
If you were offered the chance to feel happy all of the time, would you take it?
What is the meaning of life?
How do you define friendship?
What self-limiting beliefs do you have?
What do you need to change to become the person you want?
What habits do you have that you would like to replace?
In the past people were buried with the items they would need in the afterlife, what would you want to be buried with you so you could use it in the afterlife?
What was the biggest realization you had about yourself?
What were you completely certain of until you found out you were wrong?
Do you believe that love has to be mutual?
When you look at the world, what is most fascinating to you?
When do you underestimate yourself?
Is it best to judge people by their intentions or their actions?
What is your favorite time of the day? Morning, afternoon, evening, or night?
Which fairytale story do you love the most?
Who is your favorite Disney character?
Name the book that you loved reading the most.
Where do you like to go during your vacations?
If animals could talk, which one do you think would have the best jokes and why?
If you could invent a new ice cream flavor, what would it be called and what ingredients would you use?
If you were a secret agent with a silly code name, what would your code name be and what would your secret mission be?
If you had a pet dinosaur, what would you name it and how would you take care of it?
Have you ever been an inspiration to anyone?
Which place on Earth would you like to visit at least once in your lifetime?
Who has been your biggest motivation?
Which movie has inspired you the most?
Which author’s books fascinate you the most?
If you had the option to eat only one meal for an entire day, what would you choose to eat?
What would you do if you were the only human left on this planet?
Do you prefer reading actual books or e-books?
Which food did you hate as a child but love eating now?
Given a choice, what kind of gadget would you like to invent?
If animals could talk, which would be the most boring one?
Would you ever think of pranking your boss?
Tell us the most hilarious thing ever that you have witnessed or experienced.
Do you enjoy bursting bubbles on bubble wrap paper?
If you were a worm, how long would you be?
If Spiderman and Batman happen to fight, who do you think would win?
Would you rather jump 15 feet high up in the air or 15 feet far?
Which tongue twister you loved the most as a kid?
If you were to open a restaurant with a ridiculous theme, what would the theme be and what type of food would you serve?
If you were given the ability to rename any city in the world, which city would you choose and what would you rename it to?
If you were to compete in the Olympics but could only participate in a made-up event, what would your event be called and how would it work?
If you could only wear one type of hat for the rest of your life, what would it be and why?
If you had the chance to star in a movie, but it had to be a parody of a famous film, which movie would you choose and what would the parody be called?
If you were to write a book about your life but had to give it a funny title, what would the title be?
If you had to give a TED Talk on a completely nonsensical topic, what would the topic be and what would your main points be?
If you could turn any chore into a fun game, which chore would it be and how would you make it entertaining?
If you could create a new word that would be added to the dictionary, what would it be and what would it mean?
If you could invent a new holiday that celebrates something completely ridiculous, what would the holiday be called and how would people observe it?
Have any of your dreams turned into reality?
Have you ever seen a ghost?
If you had to describe yourself in just three words, how would you do?
What has been your favorite Wikipedia article so far?
Which habit of yours has gotten you into big fat trouble?
What is one thing right now that you are totally sure of?
What will you never give up on?
What do you want to remember forever?
What makes you feel secure?
Which activities make you lose track of time?
What is something you’ve always wanted, but don’t yet have?
What was the most defining moment in your life during this past year?
What’s the number one change you need to make in your life in the next twelve months?
What’s the number one thing you want to achieve in the next five years?
What’s something you said you’d never do, but have since done?
What do you sometimes pretend to understand that you really do not?
When you look into the past, what do you miss most?
What’s something from the past that you don’t miss at all?
What recently reminded you of how fast time flies?
What never fails to frustrate you?
What are you known for by your friends and family?
What are the top three qualities you look for in a friend?
When you think of ‘home,’ what, specifically, do you think of?
What’s the most valuable thing you own?
What would make you smile right now?
What do you do when nothing else seems to make you happy?
What is something you would hate to go without for a day?
What’s the biggest lie you once believed was true?
What’s something nobody could ever steal from you?
What’s something you disliked when you were younger that you truly enjoy today?
What are you glad you quit?
What are you naturally good at?
What have you been counting or keeping track of recently?
What has the little voice inside your head been saying lately?
What’s something you should always be careful with?
What should always be taken seriously?
What should never be taken seriously?
What are three things you can’t get enough of?
What’s something you would do every day if you could?
What or who do you wish you lived closer to?
If you had the opportunity to get a message across to a large group of people, what would your message be?
What’s something you know you can count on?
What makes you feel comfortable?
What’s something about you that has never changed?
What will be different about your life in exactly one year?
What mistakes do you make over and over again?
What do you have a hard time saying “no” to?
What’s something that used to scare you, but no longer does?
What promise to yourself do you still need to fulfill?
What do you appreciate most about your current situation?
What’s something simple that makes you smile?
What’s something you wish you could do one more time?
What is your favorite book to read?
What did you want to be when you were small?
What would you sing at Karaoke night?
Which would you rather do: wash dishes, mow the lawn, clean the bathroom, or vacuum the house?
If you could hire someone to help you, would it be with cleaning, cooking, or yard work?
Who is your favorite author?
Have you ever had a nickname? What is it?
Do you like or dislike surprises? Why or why not?
Would you rather win the lottery or work at the perfect job? And why?
Who would you want to be stranded with on a deserted island?
Have you ever had a secret admirer?
What was the last book you read?
How long does it take you to get ready in the morning?
What's your favorite fast food chain?
Are you related or distantly related to anyone famous?
If you had a warning label, what would yours say?
On a scale of 1-10 how funny would you say you are?
What was your first job?
How many languages do you speak?
If you had to describe yourself as an animal, which one would it be?
What’s the best thing about your home, and have you taken the time to enjoy it recently?
Have you had a chance to help someone recently, and how did that make you feel?
What’s something you look forward to in the future?
What’s something enjoyable you get to experience every day that you’ve come to take for granted?
What’s a hard lesson that you were grateful to learn?
What about today has been better than yesterday?
What’s an aspect of your personality that you’re grateful for?
How have you used your talents recently, and what have you enjoyed about doing that?
What relationships are you grateful for?
What’s one thoughtful thing someone did for you recently?
Which animals make the best pets?
Did you have any pets when you were growing up?
Do you think your pet has a personality?
If your pet could talk, what would it say?
Are you allergic to any animals?
Have you ever been bitten by an animal?
What is the cutest animal?
What do you feed your pet?
Do you ever sneak food to your pet at the dinner table?
Can your pet perform any tricks?
What’s the best thing about owning a pet?
Has your pet ever brought anything strange into the house?
What is the funniest memory involving your pet?
What video games are you currently playing?
What is your favorite video game of all time?
Who is your favorite video game character?
What is your favorite video game series?
What is the worst video game you’ve ever played?
What is the most challenging video game you’ve ever played?
Do you prefer playing single-player or multiplayer games?
Have you ever wanted to create your own video game?
Have you ever completed a video game 100%?
What is your favorite video game genre?
Have you ever played a video game that you couldn’t finish?
Have you ever bought a video game just for its story?
What movie or TV show needs to be turned into a video game?
What video game are you looking forward to playing in the future?
What is the best video game soundtrack you’ve ever heard?
Do you prefer playing video games alone or with friends?
Have you ever played a video game that made you cry?
What is your favorite video game series from your childhood?
What is your least favorite video game from your childhood?
What is the longest time you’ve spent playing a video game in one sitting?
Have you ever played a video game that you couldn’t put down for hours?
Have you ever played a video game that you didn’t understand at first but grew to love?
Have you ever played a video game that you found boring?
Have you ever played a video game that you felt was not given enough credit?
Have you ever felt sad after finishing a game?
Have you ever played a video game that you felt was ahead of its time?
Name a game you thought you would hate but ended up loving.
If you could only choose one, would you pick Playstation, Xbox, or Nintendo?
If you had to live in one of the video games you’ve played, which one would it be?
Are you bad at any specific games or game genres?
What is your favorite movie released at least 10 years ago?
Do you have any houseplants?
Where do your pets sleep?
Where do you most often go out to eat?
Do you have any tattoos? Pictures welcome.
What is the strangest thing in your purse or wallet?
What is one of your favorite quotes from a famous person?
What is your greatest accomplishment and how has it shaped you?
What is on your key chain besides keys?
If you discovered a new island, what would you name it?
What’s your go-to non alcoholic drink?
What’s your favorite snack for watching TV?
What is your go-to dinner on a busy night?
What is your favorite pasta dish?
If money wasn’t an object, what subject would you get a degree in?
What’s the most daring thing you’ve ever done?
What show would you like to “binge watch” that you haven’t yet?
What is your spirit animal?
Who is your childhood celebrity crush?
What dance move are you secretly awesome at?
What’s the best knock-knock joke you know?
What show on Netflix did you binge watch embarrassingly fast?
Did you ever keep a New Year’s resolution?
Which planet in the solar system would you visit?
Which language would you like to learn?
What’s your favorite cartoon character, and why?
What would be the hat to end all hats? What could you wear on your head that would make people stop what they are doing and stare in awe and amazement?
If animals could talk, which would be the rudest?
What is the weirdest thing you have seen in someone else’s home?
What would be the coolest animal to scale up to the size of a horse?
What’s the most ridiculous fact you know?
What is the funniest joke you know by heart?
What are the unwritten rules of where you work?
If you could ask your pet 3 questions, what would they be?
Do you ever talk to yourself? When and what do you say?
When you’re having a bad day, what do you do to make yourself feel better?
What’s your favorite smell in the whole world?
What do you think is the greatest invention of all time?
What is the sound you love the most?
What 3 famous people, living or dead, would you want at your fantasy dinner party?
What’s your favorite kind of sandwich?
What is the scariest movie you’ve ever seen?
Would you rather spend five days exploring Disney or New York City?
If you could shop for free at one store, which one would you choose?
What personal trait has gotten you in the most trouble?
Which celebrity chef would you most like to fix you a meal?
What do you like to do on a rainy day?
What is your favorite thing about your career?
What is your biggest complaint about your job?
What kitchen appliance do you use every day?
What’s the craziest dare you ever took?
What’s the grossest food you ever had to eat to be polite?
What’s the worst thing you ever did as a kid — and got away with?
What did you get into the most trouble for with your parents as a kid?
What’s your silliest memory with your best friend?
Do you have any crazy roommate stories?
What did you name your first car?
What Disney/cartoon character were you inexplicably afraid of as a kid?
What was your first record, tape or CD that you ever owned?
What were words you couldn’t pronounce as a child, so you made up your own?
Have you ever gotten super lost? What happened?
What’s the story of your first crush?
What afterschool activity did you quit as a kid, and why?
What’s the funniest animal you’ve ever owned as a pet?
What’s the best prank you’ve ever played on someone?
As a kid, did you ever do something wrong but manage to pin it on your siblings?
What totally rad expression did you overuse in high school?
Who is your craziest/most interesting relative?
What’s your best idea for a reality TV show?
Which Disney character’s story does your life most resemble?
What are two truths and a lie about you?
What’s your favorite part of a county fair?
Which celebrity do you shamelessly follow in the news?
What completely safe animal are you inexplicably afraid of?
What food could you not live without?
What commercial jingle gets stuck in your head all the time?
What sport did you try as a child and fail at?
What blog or website are you embarrassed to admit you love?
What do you never leave the house without (can’t be your phone, keys or wallet)?
Have you ever lied about an interest/talent to impress someone? What happened next?
If your best friend picked a tattoo for you to get, what would he/she pick?
If you wrote a book, what would it be called?
If you were trying out for a singing reality show, what song would you sing?
What game show would you be super awesome at?
If you had to endorse a brand, which brand would it be?
If you got three wishes from a genie, what would they be?
How long would you last in a Zombie apocalypse?
If you had an intro song that played every time you walked into a room, what would it be?
What reality show would you appear on?
Would you like a world with magic in it?
What celebrity do you wish you would run into walking around town?
What business pitch would you make if you were on Shark Tank?
What food represents your personality?
What is the best meal you’ve ever eaten?
What food do you avoid at all costs?
If you were competing on a cooking show, what would you make as your signature dish?
How do you feel about pineapple on pizza?
Do you prefer a center or corner piece of a brownie?
What’s the weirdest food combination you’ve ever tried?
What is one thing you own that you wish you didn’t?
What was the best reason you faked being sick?
What shows are you binge-watching currently?
Tell us about your craziest experience in a hotel.
How many chickens are necessary to kill a hippo?
What was the most shocking thing you caught your guest doing in your house?
What was the most confusing thing you’ve ever noticed in someone’s house?
If you were in a movie what soundtrack would be in your fight scene?
Would you rather get lost in the jungle for one year or be trapped underground for 6 months?
You would be rich if they paid you for…?
What is the smell you like, but it is usually awful for everyone?
What is your mostly used excuse to avoid meeting someone?
What was the dumbest thing you’ve done for money? 
Have you ever had an imaginary friend; do you still have one?
If you could choose ahead of time, what would your dying words be?
Have you ever created a rumor about yourself just for attention?
What was the weirdest thing you gave someone as a gift?
How many ants are necessary to lift a whale?
What is the silliest thing you’ve ordered from Amazon?
If you were Willy Wonka, what flavored gum would you make first? 
Which animal you think would be fun to be reincarnated as?
How many slices of pizza can you eat in one sitting?
What’s the most inappropriate thing you’ve ever took in school with you?
Which Hogwarts house do you think you belong in?
What is the most unimportant thing you’ve ever cried about?
Try to think back to your earliest memory; what it is? 
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
If you could have anything in the world, what would it be?
Does social media bring positivity or negativity to your life? Why do you use it?
What was your first video game console, and your favorite game on it?
If you had to choose a favorite breed of goat, which is it?
What type of goat ears are best? 
If you could change a thing in a game you’re currently playing, what would it be?
If you were a villain, what would you do to win and survive?
Which scientist would you love to meet in person and why?
If you can revive an extinct species, what would it be and why?
Which type of natural disaster are you curious to experience just once?
If you could name a goat, what would you name it.
Out of all the goats you've heard about or met, which is your favorite so far?
What breed of horse is your favorite?
What breed of dog is your favorite?
Do you prefer English or Western style horseback riding?
If you could compete in an equine sport, what would it be and why?
If you were a type of horse, what type would you be?
What's your favorite horse coat color?
Do you have any good horse memories to share?
Do you have a special dog memory to share?
Have you ever met a goat in person, and how did it go?
What's a random story you really just want to tell today?
Do you have a "game name" you use for most games you play?
What game have you been playing the longest?
Do you have a special memento on your desk?
Do you have a funny autocorrect story to share?
What is something free online we should all know about?
If one of your friends had an, "I know a guy" moment and then called you, what would they be calling you for?
What “cheap” food would you still eat no matter how rich you got?
What is the best excuse for being late you’ve heard or used?
When you were a kid, what name did you give your favorite toy or stuffed animal?
If you had a pet parrot, what would you teach it to say?
What is your go-to movie when you need a mood boost?
What is your comfort movie?
What book or series did you wish you could live in?
If you could have a lifetime supply of anything, what would it be?
If you were the ruler of the world, who would be your top adviser?
What food represents your state the most, without telling us the state.
Would you travel to space if given the chance?
What's the best book-to-movie adaptation in your opinion?
How many languages can you say "hello" in?
What's your go-to cereal and why?
Which was your first magazine subscription?
Have you ever made a prank phone call?
What's the most embarrassing song on your phone right now?
If you could only subscribe to one YouTube channel for the rest of your life, which would you choose?
What is the last movie that made you cry?
What's the one podcast you'd love to be a guest on?
Who is your favorite Disney Princess and why?
Were you given any yearbook superlatives in high school? (Class Clown, Best Smile, etc.)
Does round or square pizza taste better?
If you could pick a day to relive again and again, which would it be?
Can you read my mind right now? What do you think I'm thinking?
Do you wanna build a snowman?
Which Mario Kart character are you?
What's the strangest thing in your fridge or freezer?
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
Back in the day, were you Team Edward or Team Jacob?
If your pet could talk, what's the first thing it would say?
If you had to eat a crayon, which color would you choose?
What's the strangest rumor you've ever heard about yourself?
What's the funniest inside joke you've ever shared with someone?
What's the funniest way you can think of to answer the question, "How's it going?"
What's your go-to: Rock, paper, or scissors?
What's a purchase you made that you immediately regretted?
If you had one hour to prepare a standup comedy bit, could you do it?
What is something you're very stubborn about that nobody can change your mind on?
Is ketchup good or gross?
Have you ever sent a text message to the wrong person by mistake?
If you had the right to be awarded the worst movie in history, which movie would you give it to?
What shade of hue would you give the sky if you had the power to do so?
Have you ever eaten something that made you immediately regret it?
Which insect would you pick to eat if you had to?
What was the weirdest thing you’ve ever done to get the attention of someone?
What’s the most ridiculous thing your family has ever argued about?
Describe your dream horse for us.
Describe your dream pet for us.
Describe your dream home for us.
Describe your dream goat for us.
Would you prefer to be a turtle or a tortoise?
If you had a chance to swim with whales, would you do it?
If you had a chance to swim with sharks, would you do it?
What's your favorite type of potato chip?
What's your favorite type of soda pop?
If visiting your home had an admission fee, what would it be?
What movie do you wish you could forget and rewatch for the first time?
If you could choose one animal to be able to speak to, what would it be?
If you started a Youtube channel, what would it be about?
Would you rather never sleep again or never eat again?
Is there a song that you’ve listened to hundreds of times? If yes, which one?
What’s your most prized possession?
What’s the best book you’ve ever read?
What's the worst written book you loved?
If you could become an expert in one thing overnight, what would you choose?
How do you choose a new restaurant to eat at?
Did you ever try to find the pot of gold at the end of a rainbow?
Who is the coolest person you’ve ever met?
Would you rather have a pet dinosaur or a pet unicorn?
What’s the strangest dream you’ve ever had?
If you were a ghost, where would you choose to haunt?
What’s the most bizarre animal fact you know?
If you could have any famous painting hanging in your living room, which one would you choose?
If you could have a conversation with an alien, what would be the first question you ask?
